Update registrymirror doc (#6533)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/optional/registrymirror.md

* __Example__: ```port: 443```

### __ociNamespaces__ (optional)

> * __Description__: when you need to mirror multiple registries, you can map the upstream registries to "namespaces" of the mirror.

Reviewer: Is this a one-to-one mapping of a registry to a namespace? If so, I'd suggest wording like:
```suggestion
* __Description__: when you need to mirror multiple registries, you can map each upstream registry to the "namespace" of its mirror.
```
Let me know if I misunderstand you.

Author: sounds better to me, thanks!

The `copy packages` must be used if you want to copy EKS Anywhere Curated Packages to your registry mirror.

> The `download images` command also pulls the cilium chart from `public.ecr.aws` and pushes it to the registry mirror. It requires the registry credentials for performing a login. Set the following environment variables for the login:

Reviewer 2: Nit: capitalize "Cilium"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `download images` command also pulls the Cilium chart from `public.ecr.aws` and pushes it to the registry mirror. It requires the registry credentials for performing a login. Set the following environment variables for the login:
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
  You may need to restart Docker after adding the certificates.
{{% /alert %}}

> ## Registry configurations

Reviewer 4: shouldnt we keep this?  if the registry they are using requires these to exist ahead of time, don't they still need to do this?

Reviewer 5: yeah I think this section is still applicable

Author: Is it only required for harbor? I never created those projects for my docker registry server running locally?

Reviewer 5: i know it's needed for harbor and i think another one as well, maybe artifactory

Reviewer 4: yeah we should keep this.

Author: added back

cilium-chart
```

> For example, if a registry is available at `private-registry.local`, then the following projects will have to be created:

Reviewer 6: There is nothing following this statement? Is there supposed to be an example here that's missing?

Author: is it wrapped by github UI?
